doc: no dup StreamReceiveComplete call (#3185)
microsoft/msquic: docs/api/StreamReceiveComplete.md

# Remarks

> This is an asynchronous call in non-callback context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an asynchronous API but can run inline if called in a callback.
```

> The application must ensure that one `StreamReceiveComplete` call should correspond to one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application must ensure that one `StreamReceiveComplete` call corresponds to one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event.
```

> 

Reviewer: nit: delete this line

> Duplicate `StreamReceiveComplete` calls after one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event are ignored silently even with different `BufferLength`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duplicate `StreamReceiveComplete` calls after one `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event are ignored silently even with different `BufferLength`.
```
